README.md, before:

# NITK Moodle Enhancements

***A userscript to fix bugs and enhance NITK Moodle online classes platform.***

- fix video-audio playback sync issue on changing playback speed.
- use <kbd>space</kbd> bar or click on the video to play-pause.
- automatically seek video to last seen time.
- track seen videos, show completed percentage in each modules recordings list page.
- hides player elements not being used, by default.
- change playback speed with <kbd>+</kbd> and <kbd>-</kbd> buttons.
- <kbd>+</kbd> and <kbd>-</kbd> buttons change speed at increments of 0.1.
- clicking on the speed button changes it by 0.25 increments.

To use, first install Tampermonkey extension on your preferred 
web browser.

*For Chrome:*

https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo?hl=en

*For Firefox:*

https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/tampermonkey/

And then, click the button below to install.

[<img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Install&message=NITK%20Moodle%20Enhancements&color=brightgreen?style=for-the-badge" 
height="25"/>](https://github.com/syfluqs/nitk_moodle_enhancements/raw/main/nitk_moodle_enhancements.user.js)

Commit message:

add video seeking by arrow keys

README.md, after:

# NITK Moodle Enhancements

***A userscript to fix bugs and enhance NITK Moodle online classes platform.***

- fix video-audio playback sync issue on changing playback speed.
- use <kbd>space</kbd> bar or click on the video to play-pause.
- automatically seek video to last seen time.
- track seen videos, show completed percentage in each modules recordings list page.
- seek video using <kbd>←</kbd> and <kbd>→</kbd> keys (in increments of 5s).
- use <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>←</kbd>/<kbd>→</kbd>
to seek in 5 min increments, <kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>←</kbd>/<kbd>→</kbd> to seek by 1 min increments.
- hides player elements not being used, by default.
- change playback speed with <kbd>+</kbd> and <kbd>-</kbd> buttons.
- <kbd>+</kbd> and <kbd>-</kbd> buttons change speed at increments of 0.1.
- clicking on the speed button changes it by 0.25 increments.

To use, first install Tampermonkey extension on your preferred 
web browser.

*For Chrome:*

https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo?hl=en

*For Firefox:*

https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/tampermonkey/

And then, click the button below to install.

[<img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Install&message=NITK%20Moodle%20Enhancements&color=brightgreen?style=for-the-badge" 
height="25"/>](https://github.com/syfluqs/nitk_moodle_enhancements/raw/main/nitk_moodle_enhancements.user.js)
